
# GDX-Space

## What is this?
This is my attempt at making a simple 3D renderer that creates a virtual "space" (hence the name)
using the Java library libGDX. I am using Kotlin for this project as a way to get more familiar with
the language.

I have some previous experience with OpenGL, but I was not able to continue that project as I got busy with
university work. Since it's been a few months I decided that it would be better to start on a fresh slate.
This would also give me an opportunity to re-familiarize myself with Kotlin and the Java environment.
## Progress and Goals
Phase 1: Setup and Experimentation
- [x] Set up the project files
- [x] Write README and plan out project
- [x] Render a box on the screen
- [x] Render more shapes like Spheres, Cones, etc.
- [ ] Apply simple lighting

Phase 2: The Blender Sidequest
- [ ] Create low-poly objects like boxes, cones, and spheres
- [ ] Replace the ModelBuilder versions with .gltf files
- [ ] Create a more advanced shape to practice modeling and render it
- [ ] Create a recognizable object for the scene (object TBD)

Phase 3: Back to Kotlin
- [ ] Create basic 3D Scene with Blender and render it
- [ ] Add controls for player
- [ ] Add final shaders
- [ ] Add interactable objects

My current goal is to make something with a 'wireframe' look to it. There should be lines indicating vertices but the space
between enclosed by them is completely transparent. This may change in the future.

---
<details>
<summary>Click for the autogenerated README from libGDX. Contains info 
about project setup</summary>

# GDX-Space

A [libGDX](https://libgdx.com/) project generated with [gdx-liftoff](https://github.com/libgdx/gdx-liftoff).

This project was generated with a template including simple application launchers and an empty `ApplicationListener` implementation.

## Platforms

- `core`: Main module with the application logic shared by all platforms.
- `lwjgl3`: Primary desktop platform using LWJGL3; was called 'desktop' in older docs.

## Gradle

This project uses [Gradle](https://gradle.org/) to manage dependencies.
The Gradle wrapper was included, so you can run Gradle tasks using `gradlew.bat` or `./gradlew` commands.
Useful Gradle tasks and flags:

- `--continue`: when using this flag, errors will not stop the tasks from running.
- `--daemon`: thanks to this flag, Gradle daemon will be used to run chosen tasks.
- `--offline`: when using this flag, cached dependency archives will be used.
- `--refresh-dependencies`: this flag forces validation of all dependencies. Useful for snapshot versions.
- `build`: builds sources and archives of every project.
- `cleanEclipse`: removes Eclipse project data.
- `cleanIdea`: removes IntelliJ project data.
- `clean`: removes `build` folders, which store compiled classes and built archives.
- `eclipse`: generates Eclipse project data.
- `idea`: generates IntelliJ project data.
- `lwjgl3:jar`: builds application's runnable jar, which can be found at `lwjgl3/build/libs`.
- `lwjgl3:run`: starts the application.
- `test`: runs unit tests (if any).

Note that most tasks that are not specific to a single project can be run with `name:` prefix, where the `name` should be replaced with the ID of a specific project.
For example, `core:clean` removes `build` folder only from the `core` project.
</details>
